Document adding a CommCare build to a server (#3036)
dimagi/commcare-cloud: docs/setup/new_environment.md

```

where `{email}` is the email address you would like to use as the username.

## Step 13: [Optional] Add a new build

> To make a build of an application in CommCare, you will need to add a CommCare build to your server.

Reviewer: This is a very confusing sentence... `to make a build... add a build`. 

```suggestion
In order to create new versions of applications created in the CommCareHQ app builder, you will need to add the latest `CommCare Mobile` and `CommCare Core` builds to your server.
```

Author: Agreed. Sometimes it feels like we could replicate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo with our usages of apps and builds

> To add a build to your server visit `/builds/edit_menu` and follow the instructions under "Import a new build from the build server"

Author: I went through your docs and didn't find any examples of you using a URL for their server. Wasn't sure if this notation would be better than `<url>/builds/edit_menu` or something else? Do you have any preference on how we link to self hosted pages?

Reviewer: I think `<server url>` or something similar is fine.

Author: ```suggestion
To add a build to your server visit `<server url>/builds/edit_menu` and follow the instructions under "Import a new build from the build server"
```
